hey guys it's bucket help here and this
is part of a series that i will be
making on the aether mod or at least a
tiny bit of the dungeons of the other
modest to show you what they look like
so this is the golden dungeon for the
either and it looks like a bun pretty
much a big ball with bunch of balls
attached to it and i'll actually fly
over there so you can see and i'm just
flying for the purpose of quickening
this video and there are a bunch of
golden oak trees around planted on top
so it's great resource for that if
you're looking for that kind of thing
and they're hostile is up there and
here's a golden apple so that'll be
great for using it to fight the dungeon
so i'll give you a good look at what it
looks like as i said just golden oaks
with ball sitting on balls so the
antigen entrance should look like this
it should be a random opening in the
middle of the whole either dungeon thing
and you'll see a little golem and i'm
actually going to turn on God or it is
on so the purpose of the this video I
don't die and I can show you what
happens when you do win so
um he actually talks on you have to talk
to him for a while and get him annoyed
once he's annoyed I'll tell you to leave
if you don't leave he'll fight you so
just go ahead and watch the bottom left
until I finish with making you a fight
me so
now this is my final warning so he'll
actually the game will freeze up a
little bit and then we'll fight it so
the idea of this is I'll shoot three
fireballs around and they'll be bouncing
everywhere and those fireballs if they
hit you will catch you on fire now the
damage description on how much damage it
will take for each hit from each thing
will be in the description since I have
god mode on I can't show you as you can
tell he can also hit you and the goal is
you jump up and it broke so
jump up and you have to hit it it's
pretty hard and i'll be using lime out
here so i can picking it up again so
let's see if I didn't hit him one time
so this is what happens when you hit him
I'm a bit high I would
and you have to be relatively close to
it for it to hit him but that's what
happens when you need it when that
happens one of these guys show up and
pretty much just sittin with anything
you got and they'll die he can also fly
through the ice oops and now you can see
what happens when you don't shoot the
ice cream but though he will fly through
the ice and he will not get hurt by it
unless some you throw it which is
illogical but makes more sense makes it
harder so I'm all for it so if I can get
him hit one more time I go ahead and
skip forward to when he dies so there we
go again actually let's see if I can
defeat him on cam film see if there's
enough time if there is I will not cut
the video
so he doesn't fly around a bunch and
it's very hard to hit him again he flies
a little bit faster than this so yeah
and you finally gave me something to hit
him with as you can see earlier this
thing will bounce off walls but if it
hits you it'll automatically break if
you don't throw it of course
and here's him dying so that was a goal
dungeon you will have to defeat that guy
at the end and this is my gold key and
once you defeat that golem as you can
see he found a pain for the first time
in his life I guess and this little
secret entrance here will open you can
walk in here right-click the chest with
the key now it's unlocked so we have a
book of lore ooh vampire blade and grab
a Titan another vampire blade so that's
some pretty nice findings in there and
also once you defeat a boss in a dungeon
the dungeons blocks are destroyable and
tell you to feed the boss the budget
blocks are not destroyable so that's a
pretty nice thing if you didn't know
well anyways guys that was a golden
dungeon I hoped you liked the video or
you comment and subscribe if you'd like
more I will be making or I might have
made by now the gold and bronze dungeons
too so you'll be able to see all three
and what they look like or excuse me not
golden bronze dungeons golden silver
dungeons or not gold and silver golden
brought silver and bronze dungeons my
apologies so that's it
oops to see you